The emperor's concubine suddenly felt that life was no longer itchy, maybe the rash was gone
Why don't you help me take a look?
OK
What about people?
The last 10,000 flew.
Sure enough, it is better to believe that the sow will go up the tree and cut
OK
You are Shen shi
Dare to ask if this touch is to take away
Yeah, you and I kidnapped in broad daylight?
You let me go
Be honest, let me go
Such a big palace says kidnapping is kidnapping
Is there any more law?
The Wang Fa Star Palace is the Wang Fa Star Palace
You are the Queen Mother's people
Audacious autopsy
You are the name of the sinner, the concubine of the cold palace
Not only do private business in the palace
Dare to interfere with the food and medicine in the palace
Forcibly forcing Shanfang to use the food you grow
You alerted the queen mother about this
You are a deadly crime
Take it away!
What killing?
Let go, let go of me
I have to tell the emperor about the danger